docs: clarify incremental_dependency semantics, inert-flag rule, and verification (#77040)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/platform/connector-development/connector-builder-ui/partitioning.md

**Lazy Read Pointer**: Enable lazy reading to extract child records during initial parent record processing.

**Incremental Dependency**: When enabled, the parent stream is read with state during warm syncs so that on each subsequent sync only parents whose cursor field has advanced since the last sync are iterated, and the child stream then re-fetches records for that narrowed set of parents. This is a router-level optimization, not a sync-mode declaration, and it has two prerequisites:

> - The child stream must have its own incremental cursor. Without one, the optimization is silently inert.

Author: Hedge here. Callout is _not to omit it_, and not to create a behavioral dependency that could be different in the future.

```suggestion
- The child stream must have its own incremental cursor. Without one, the optimization may be silently inert.
```
